***[MUTUAL CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT]{.smallcaps}***

This Confidentiality Agreement (the \"Agreement\") is entered into as of
the[]{#gjdgxs .anchor} **INSERT\_DATE** by and between Luminare, Inc
(hereinafter "LUMINARE"), []{#30j0zll .anchor}and
**INSERT\_FULL\_NAME**, (hereinafter []{#1fob9te
.anchor}"**INSERT\_SHORT\_NAME**").

LUMINARE and **SHORT NAME** are referred to herein individually as
"Party" and collectively as "Parties."

**WHEREAS**,

(a) The Parties are willing to share Confidential Information regarding
    > a potential opportunity for LUMINARE to provide products and
    > services to **INSERT\_SHORT\_NAME** ("Purpose"):

(b) LUMINARE owns all intellectual property incorporated into the
    > products or services which is protected as patents, trademarks,
    > copyrights, or trade secrets;

(c) Either Party may be either a Disclosing ("Provider") Party or a
    > Receiving ("Recipient") Party;

(d) As a condition of providing such Confidential Information to a
    > Receiving Party, the Parties shall require the Receiving Party and
    > their Representatives (subsequently defined in **Definitions)**
    > maintain the strict confidentiality of any and all Confidential
    > Information;

(e) Subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the
    > Parties are willing to provide access to Disclosing Party's
    > Confidential Information, as necessary to enable performing the
    > Purpose;

and

**WHEREAS**, the Parties desire to set forth the terms under which they
will exchange and safeguard such Confidential Information.

**NOW THEREFORE,** for good and valuable consideration the receipt and
sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged and in consideration of the
mutual covenants and agreements of the Parties contained herein, the
Parties agree as follows:

**1. [Definitions]{.underline}**

In this Agreement a Party Receiving Confidential Information shall be
deemed the "Recipient" and a Party Disclosing Confidential Information
shall be deemed the "Provider." Each Recipient shall limit access to
Confidential Information to only those of its principals, officers,
directors, employees and authorized agents or representatives, including
outside advisors, who have a need-to-know such Confidential Information
for the Purpose for which it is disclosed under this Agreement
("Authorized Recipients").

In this Agreement, the following words and phrases shall have the
following meanings:

(a) \"[Confidential Information]{.underline}\" shall mean and include:

-   Discussions and negotiations related to the Purpose;

-   The existence and terms of this Agreement;

-   All information furnished by the Provider including but not limited
    > to (i) all corporate documents, financial reports, products,
    > services, operations, plans, know-how, trade secrets, intellectual
    > property, information security, business affairs, intentions, or
    > market opportunities, personnel, clients, customers, or suppliers
    > information or (ii) information specifically labeled as
    > "Confidential" or "Proprietary"; and

-   Any analysis, reports, studies, communication, interpretations,
    > compilations, memoranda, notes, or any other written or electronic
    > information prepared by the Receiving Party or its Representatives
    > which contain, reflect or are based, in whole or on part, upon
    > such information.

(a) \"[Representatives]{.underline}\" means the directors, officers,
    employees, engineers, and consultants of a Party hereto or its
    Affiliates.

(b) \"[Affiliate]{.underline}\", means, with respect to a Party hereto,
    any other person directly or indirectly controlling or controlled by
    or under direct or indirect common control with such specified
    person. For the purposes of this definition, \"control\" when used
    with respect to any specified person means the power to direct the
    management and policies of such person directly or indirectly,
    through the ownership of voting securities or the right to elect the
    majority of the members of the board of directors of such person;
    and the terms \"controlling\" and \"controlled\" have meanings
    correlative to the foregoing.

**2. [Use and Non-disclosure]{.underline}**

2.1 Each Recipient shall:

\(a) Take all reasonable measures to keep secret, retain in strictest
confidence and prevent unauthorized duplication, use and disclosure of
the Confidential Information in a manner adequate to protect the
Provider\'s rights and shall not, without prior written authorization
from Provider, use the Confidential Information for any purpose
whatsoever other than for the purpose of evaluating the Product;

\(b) Disclose only such portions of the Confidential Information to its
Authorized Representatives as is strictly required for the purpose of
evaluating the Product and only to those Authorized Representatives who
have a need to know the same and who have agreed in writing to maintain
the confidentiality of the Confidential Information; When a Recipient
discloses Confidential Information to any Authorized Representative it
shall be the Recipient's responsibility to ensure that all Authorized
Representatives shall be informed at the time of disclosure of the
confidential and proprietary nature of the Confidential Information and
recognize the Provider's claim of proprietary status for all
Confidential Information, together with the restrictions on duplication,
use and disclosure contained in this Agreement;

\(c) Promptly notify the Provider in writing if the Recipient learns of
any unauthorized duplication, use or disclosure of the Confidential
Information and shall be liable for any breach of this Agreement by it
or any of its Representatives;

\(d) Not disclose, without the prior written consent of Provider, any
Confidential Information, the fact that the Confidential Information has
been made available to it, or that the Parties have entered into this
Agreement, to any person other than in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement, except in the event that the Recipient or its Representatives
are required by law to otherwise disclose any Confidential Information.
In the event that the Recipient or its Representatives becomes legally
compelled to disclose any of the Confidential Information, the Recipient
or its Representatives will provide prompt notice and will exercise its
best efforts, in conjunction with the Provider to seek a protective
order or other appropriate remedy to assure continued maximum
confidentiality.

**3. [Acknowledgment by Recipient]{.underline}**

Each Recipient acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the provision by the
Provider of any Confidential Information to any other third party bound
by confidentiality obligations similar to the Recipient\'s obligations
under this Confidentiality Agreement does not render such Confidential
Information as Non-proprietary Information; (b) the Provider does not
make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness
of the Confidential Information; (c) the Provider shall have no
liability to the Recipient or any of its Representatives resulting from
any use of the Confidential Information by the Recipient or any of its
Representatives; (d) this Agreement does not create a relationship of
agency, partnership, joint venture, or license between the Parties (e)
that Recipient shall use no less standard of care and protection in
preserving the confidential nature of Provider's Confidential
Information than Recipient customarily uses in preserving and
safeguarding its own proprietary and business confidential information.

**4. [Internal Use and Return of Confidential Information]{.underline}**

The Recipient will not duplicate the Confidential Information, in whole
or in part, except within its own organization as and to the extent
necessary for the purposes of this Agreement, without, in each instance,
securing the Provider\'s prior written approval. At any time, upon the
request of Provider for any reason whatsoever, and within five (5) days
of such request, Recipient shall return to Provider or, at the
Provider's election, destroy and certify to the reasonable satisfaction
of the Provider to the destruction of all original copies related to the
Confidential Information and any and all copies or other reproductions
or extracts thereof, together with such documents, memoranda, notes and
other writings whatsoever, prepared by Recipient and its Representatives
based on the Confidential Information.

**5. [No Grant of Rights]{.underline}**

The Parties acknowledge and agree that all information provided under
this Agreement is and shall remain the property of the Provider. This
Agreement shall not be construed to grant to the Recipient any rights
with respect to the Provider or its Affiliates\' Confidential
Information nor create any license between the Parties under any trade
secret right, trademark, patent or copyright, applications or any other
intellectual property rights covering any part of such Confidential
Information which are now or may hereafter be owned by Provider, other
than for the purpose of this Agreement.

**6. [Entire Agreement]{.underline}**

This Agreement supersedes all previous agreements between the Parties
regarding the Confidential Information. Therefore, this Agreement
expresses the entire Agreement between the Parties hereto with respect
to the communication and delivery of Confidential Information and shall
be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their
respective successors. This Agreement is not assignable by the
Recipient.

**7. [Term]{.underline}**

This Agreement shall become effective on the later date of signature by
the Parties and shall remain valid for a period of the later of 5 (five)
years from the effective date or the date of disclosure. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, the Recipient (or its Representatives) will not be
released from its obligations hereunder until and unless (i) the
Confidential Information becomes Non-proprietary Information or (ii) the
Provider releases it by written notice

**8. [Entire Agreement and Amendments]{.underline}**

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof. This Agreement may only be
modified or amended by a writing signed by both parties. Both parties
explicitly acknowledge and agree that all subsequent oral agreements,
oral understandings and oral proposals are null and void.

**9.** **[Waiver and Severability]{.underline}**

No provision of this Agreement will be waived and no breach excused
unless the waiver or consent is in writing and is signed by the party
that is claimed to have waived or consented. If any provision of this
Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in
part, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect as
if the Agreement had been executed without the invalid portion.

**10. [Governing Law and Jurisdiction]{.underline}**

The interpretation and enforcement of this agreement shall be in
accordance with the laws of the State of Texas, notwithstanding its
conflicts of law principles. Any action or proceeding seeking to enforce
any provision of, or based upon any right arising out of this Agreement,
shall be brought in the state or federal courts within the State of
Texas, and each of the parties hereto consent to the exclusive
jurisdiction of such courts and to such venue.

**IN WITNESS WHEREOF** the Parties hereto has executed this Agreement as
of the **INSERT\_DATE**

Signature:

Name (print): **INSERT\_FULL\_NAME**

Date: **INSERT\_DATE**

Address for Notification:

Luminares

P.O. Box 20251

Houston, TX 77025

Signature:

Name (print): **INSERT\_FULL\_NAME**

Date: **INSERT\_DATE**

Address for Notification:
